1. Create Top Level Category
	Create new root category for new tree

2. Create Category (With specified type)
	A: Create category as leaf node
		Create category with the selected parent category
		Get data access path to the new category
		Find all permutations of other tree's paths (this will give us the number of rows present in the table)
		Loop permutations (Doesn't matter which order for the path)
			Create Entry with the specified type
			Combine new Path and and current permutation -> Gives a list
			Loop
				Create combined data access path for entry

	B: Create category as a new subcategory parent
		Create Category with the selected parent category
		Get a list of the parent;s current children
		Loop through children
			Update child to point to the new category
			Get a list of all entries that contain the child in its data access path
			Loop through entries
				Create data access path for new category


	C: Create category with the selected parent category and link parent's children to the new category
		Get data access path to the new category
		Create category with the selected parent

3. Update Category (Should separate these two)
	A. Move Category to new Parent
		Get Tree of selected category
		Get a complete list of paths in the tree
		Find the path to the old parent node
		Find the path to the new parent node
		Get a list of entries that have the category in its data access path
		Get a list of data access paths from the list of entries
		IF the new parent has no children (leaf node) THEN
			Create a new subcategory "New Child"
			Get a list of entries that contain the new parent category
			Loop Entries
				Create Data Access Path for "New Child"

		Loop list of data access paths that contain selected category
			Loop through data access path
				If current path entity is contained to the path to the old parent THEN
					Delete path entity

			Loop through path to the new parent
				Create a data access path for each path entity to the new parent

		If the old parent has any children left THEN
			Get data access path to the old parent
			Find all permutations of other tree's paths (this will give us the number of rows present in the table)
			Loop permutations (Doesn't matter which order for the path)
			Create Entry with the specified type
			Combine new Path and and current permutation -> Gives a list
			Loop
				Create combined data access path for entry


	B. Change Label
		Just change update the category with the new attribute name


4. Duplicate Category

5. Split Category

6. Combine Category

7. Delete Category

8. Delete Top Level Category
